1. **Outstanding Shares:**
    - Total number of shares.
2. **Pubic Flot:** 
    - The share that can buy public.
3. **Face Value:**
    - The actual price when company's IPO.
4. **Market Value:**
   - The Price when currently trading.
5. **Market Capitalization:**
   - `Market Cap = Number of outstanding shares X market value of share`
6. **Stock Market:**
   - Shares, derivatives, commodities, securities of a company which can trade.
7. **Stock Symbol:**
   - Companies namer representation
8. **Sectors:**
   - Categories of activities
   - Example
     - Automobile
     - pharmaceutical
     - FMCG (Fast moving consumer goods)
     - etc.
9. **Market Segments:**
   1. Capital markets
      - Trading of stocks (Equity)
   2. Equity derivatives
   3. Wholesale Department market (Government bonds, securities, debentures trading)
10. **IPO:**
11. **Secondary offering:**
    - Second time share selling to public
12. **Primary Market:**
    - Rising money from public to company
13. **Secondary Market:**
    - Public - public selling & buying
14. **Portfolio:**
    - Collection of total stock holds by person
15. **Blue chip stock:**
    - The best companies stock
16. **Blue chip company:**
17. **Trend:**
    - Uptrend
    - Downtrend
    - Sideways trend
18. **Bull Market:**
    - Movement is uptrend
19. **Bear Market:**
    - Movement is downtrend
20. **Position:**
    - Sock buy and sell
    - Long position
    - Short position
21. **Square Off:**
    - Colonising position
22. **Volatility:**
    - Volatile price of stock(highly volatile)
    - Not volatile much (Less volatile)
23. **Liquidity:**
    - How suddenly we can sell (Highly liquid)
24. **Averaging:**
    - Buy same companies stock at different time and average the stock price
25. **Chart:**
    - Graphical Representation of price
26.  **Volume:**
    - The total sum of buy order & sell orders
27. **Open High Low Close (OHLC):**
    - Price when open
    - Price when high
    - Price when low
    - Price when close